---
title: "Blitz Lancer"
classType: "Damage"
range: "Melee"
elements: "[2]"
description: "Equipped with a spear, Blitz Lancers make use of their dynamic movement in close-combat while utilizing their unique Sigils for various buffs and debuffs."
bannerUrl: "/images/banner_blitzlancer.png"
internalName: "lancer"
---

<script>
    import Icon from "@iconify/svelte"
</script>

## Difficulty
<div class="difficulty-box flex box">
    <span>4.5 / 5</span>
    <Icon icon="fluent:star-28-filled" />
    <Icon icon="fluent:star-28-filled" />
    <Icon icon="fluent:star-28-filled" />
    <Icon icon="fluent:star-28-filled" />
    <Icon icon="fluent:star-half-28-filled" />
</div>

Blitz Lancer's optimal playstyle includes correctly applying and activating Sigils on enemies. Burdened with a learning curve for the Sigil system, skill descriptions, and attack combos, Blitz Lancer is a class that can be optimized to very high level of play. The optimal Blitz Lancer will maintain awareness about surrounding enemies, cooldown management, and skill rotation.

## Unique Mechanics

### Sigils
Blitz Lancer can apply Sigils on enemies by using various skills or basic attacks. **The sigils don't do anything on their own.** They must be activated by a skill that activates (explodes) them, or by Leap Shot (class action).


#### Red 炸
**The skill that activates a red sigil deals increased damage.**  
Can be applied via various tactical skills, holding basic attack until it's charged enough to do the dash attack, or with a max-height plunge attack.

#### Blue 虚
**Activating a blue sigil applies Decreased Attack on the enemy.**  
Can be applied via various tactical skills, and the forward basic attack.

#### Green 絡
**Activating a green sigil applies Reduced Movement Speed on the enemy.**  
Can be applied via various tactical skills, and the backward basic attack.

#### Ultimate Sigil Flowerfall (all 3 sigil activation)
In addition to the effects above, **activating all 3 sigils at once will cause a powerful AoE explosion.**